{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2870
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # Visual Style & Scale\
An extreme high-altitude, panoramic 45-degree true orthographic isometric projection of a massive, mega-scale living metropolis teeming with life, where tens of thousands of buildings maintain a uniform scale from foreground to background. The overworld map visual style is a clean, vibrant low-poly 3D render aesthetic, matching the warm, directional golden hour lighting, clean textures, and long, soft shadows of image_0.png. The camera is positioned exceptionally high, capturing a vast, sweeping view where individual buildings look like tiny, distinct game tokens on a single massive, unified game board.\
\
# Natural Urban Layout & Linear Progression (No Circles)\
The city layout follows a realistic, linear density progression shifting from the waterfront to the interior hills, completely free of forced highways or artificial concentric rings. The downtown core sits prominently near the center-right coastline. Directly adjacent to the downtown core, stretching out along the main avenues towards the interior, is a massive, dense cluster of cheaper mid-rise apartment blocks (blokowiska) and tenements. This affordable housing district naturally thins out into spacious suburban grids, which finally transition into isolated luxury mansions on the far green hillside cliffs. Buildings are tightly packed with no empty gaps, shifting block-by-block. Every building is a tiny, highly recognizable, clickable micro-model.\
\
# THE INTEGRATED URBAN MATRIX (60+ INTERACTIVE LOCATIONS)\
\
## Commercial Downtown Core (Massive & Centrally Dominant)\
1.\'a0 **Highlighted Corporate Tower:** A single, dominating, MASSIVELY TALL Landmark Twisting Glass Skyscraper, far taller and distinct from any other building, centrally dominant in the massive skyscraper core.\
2.\'a0 **Downtown Businesses:** Hundreds of soaring central glass skyscrapers, tech plazas, central bank HQ, real estate office, grand hotels with rooftop pools, stock exchange, convention center, and a busy main train station where tracks converge.\
3.\'a0 **Highlighted Mega Shopping Mall:** A massive, multi-tiered flat low-poly commercial structure located right at the transition between downtown and the affordable housing district.\
4.\'a0 **Highlighted Luxury Car Dealership:** A fully glass-walled showroom displaying tiny colorful micro-cars inside.\
\
## Linear Affordable Housing, Suburbs & Civic Nodes\
5.\'a0 **Grouped Apartment Blocks (Blokowiska):** A vast, dense district of grouped cheaper mid-rise apartment blocks and tenements flowing naturally away from the downtown core, mixed with pocket parks and local shops.\
6.\'a0 **Suburban Neighborhood:** A neat grid of tiny, colorful single-family houses with micro-lawns on the outer green edges of the map.\
7.\'a0 **Luxury Hillside Villas:** Large white mansions with microscopic private swimming pools perched on the far, isolated green cliffs.\
8.\'a0 **Highlighted Municipal Complex (Integrated within the housing district):**\
\'a0 \'a0 * **City Hospital:** A prominent white building complex with a microscopic RED CROSS symbol.\
\'a0 \'a0 * **Police Station:** A blue-tinted civic building with tiny police cruisers.\
\'a0 \'a0 * **Fire Station:** A red building with multiple tiny garage doors.\
\'a0 \'a0 * **Courthouse:** A stately classic building with tiny columns.\
9.\'a0 **Civic & Culture:** Schools Node (High School, Public Library), City Park & Botanical Garden with a glass dome, cemetery, and a historic stone Cathedral with a nearby open-air market.\
\
## Industrial, High-Tech & Aerospace Belt (Lower-Right Waterfront)\
10. **Highlighted Spaceport:** On an isolated coastal peninsula, a towering, low-poly rocket sits on a detailed gantry.\
11. **Highlighted Cargo Port & Docks:** Waterfront terminal with large container stacks, manufacturing factories with tiny smoking chimneys, and multiple miniature cargo ships in the bay.\
12. **Logistics & Infrastructure:** Active construction site with a yellow tower crane, warehouses, auto repair shop, junkyard, recycling plant, and a large international airport on the furthest coastal edge with micro-planes.\
\
## Entertainment, Gastronomy & Recreation (Waterfront Transition)\
13. **Highlighted Theme Park:** A large recreational zone near the beach, featuring roller coaster tracks and ground rides (strictly no Ferris wheel).\
14. **Highlighted Stadium:** A large, circular, open-top sports stadium with a visible green football pitch inside.\
15. **Highlighted Aquapark (Swimming Pool Complex):** A large open-air pool paradise with distinct clear blue water.\
16. **Waterfront Strip:** Neon Nightlife Strip, casino, cinema, opera house, concert hall, university campus, and a marina filled with microscopic white luxury yachts.\
17. **Highlighted Pier (Molo):** A long, simple wooden pier jetting out into the ocean from the main sandy city beach.\
\
# Connectivity & Rendering Details\
A bustling network of multi-lane tree-lined avenues and boulevards (no harsh highways) fluidly weave through all zones, adapted to the terrain. Above-ground metro rail loops connect all quadrants. Thousands of micro-token colorful cars and microscopic crowds are active and move along all avenues. Bright, warm golden hour lighting from the side casts long, soft, clean shadows. No text, labels, or UI overlays on the image.}